---
layout: post
title:  Change is what life is all about
date:   2015-11-08
category: design
tags: [story]
---

# 100 Quotes To Remind Us That Change is What Life is All About #

Change is fucking frightening. It's everything and it's nothing. Change makes a life worth living, and change makes a dream worth having and a fear worth putting up with. Oh, how fortunate are we to experience a so-called "life". 

And so, everything is an excuse. And honestly, dear God what is there ever to lose? We all will inevitably lose every last thing, every last person, every experience and experience to experience, and this life will cease to exist, and when that happens, oh will it happen, nothing is left. Nothing. No, these lives are not here breathing last breaths of morbid excuses, they are only here for one very simple reason: to exist. For when we kill our most sacred and yet unknown heart of hearts, and bury it long before our bodies are put into the ground, we choose to die. Choose to exist, choose to change. 

I think, therefore I change. I am this now, I was that before, and I eventually will be all the same yet something else entirely. Is that scary? Is it that, you cannot change *why* you are, but only *how* you are? What keeps your heart pounding at the end of the day, the week, the month, the year, the decade? 

In change, there is loss.

## Your Quotes

"To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly."" – Henri Bergson

"A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for." - John A. Shedd

"Who is the happier man? He who has braved the storm of life and lived, or he who stayed securely on shore and merely existed?" - Hunter S. Thompson

"No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks." - Mary Wollstonecraft

"Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway." - John Wayne

"How lucky am I to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard" - A.A. Milne

"And sometimes there will be lonely games, too. Games you won't win 'cause you'll play against you." - Dr. Seuss

"For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness" - Ralph Waldo Emerson

"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else in the greatest accomplishment" - Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.” - Bruce Lee

"Change the game" - Michael Jordon

"What would an ocean be without a monster lurking in the dark? It would be like sleep without dreams." - Werner Herzog

“The scariest moment is always just before you start.” - Stephen King


